Update `include-in-*` documentation to be the same for PDF and HTML (#699)
quarto-dev/quarto-web: docs/output-formats/_document-options-includes.md

|-----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `include-in-header`   | Include contents of *file*, verbatim, at the end of the header. This can be used, for example, to include special CSS or JavaScript in HTML documents or to inject commands into the LaTeX preamble.                                     |
| `include-before-body` | Include contents of *file*, verbatim, at the beginning of the document body (e.g. after the `<body>` tag in HTML, or the `\begin{document}` command in LaTeX). This can be used to include navigation bars or banners in HTML documents. |
| `include-after-body`  | Include contents of *file*, verbatim, at the end of the document body (before the `</body>` tag in HTML, or the `\end{document}` command in LaTeX).                                                                                      |

> You can specify directly a single file or multiple files for each of these options (or use the `file:` subkey), but also use the `text` sub key to include raw content directly.  Note that `|` character needs to be used on the line with `text:` inside `include-in-*:` to indicate that the value is a multi-line string. If you omit `file:` or `text:`, Quarto assumes you meant a file.

Reviewer: Some rewording suggestions:
```suggestion
You can specify a single file or multiple files for each of these options directly, or use the `file:` subkey. To include raw content in the YAML header, use the `text` subkey.  When using `text:`, add the `|` character after `text:` to indicate that the value is a multi-line string. If you omit `file:` or `text:`, Quarto assumes you are providing a file.
```

Is "subkey" the right word for these? I think I've used suboption before but I'm not sure the correct terminology. I noticed that you used both "subkey" (no space) and "sub key" (with a space), so we should pick one and be consistent.

Author: > Is "subkey" the right word for these? I think I've used suboption before but I'm not sure the correct terminology.

I don't know which is the correct one - we can choose. I often uses key and subkey in R Markdown  ecosystem because in YAML we often read key/value pairs like in the YAML spec
